---
layout: post
title: "2016 World Championships - Day 4"
date: 2016-05-01 6:00:00 -0800
author: Caroline M.
categories: website
---

  My name is Caroline M. and I am the coach of the drive team over here at Team 3128. My job is to plan the strategy for each of our matches, and ensure the drivers understand and complete their task.
  Our Saturday morning consistented of leaving at 6:45, instead of the usual 7:20. We arrived at the stadium, and listened to awards with our fingers crossed. We were waiting for alliance selections to begin, which made the whole team very anxious.
  Unfortunately, our team did not get picked to be in eliminations. We were very sad, but it didn't take too long for all of us to understand that world championships was much more than an award. We have gained so much experience, and are determined to be even more competitive next year. This was a competition season of ups and downs, but that's what happens, and all of it is part of the FRC competition experience. We wouldn't change it for the world!
  With the rest of the day, we watched the elimination matches, and saw the final Einstein match end in a tie. It was very exciting! We went back to the hotel to drop our stuff off, then went out to a team dinner at a pizza place. We had a group hug and headed to the hotel, ready for a 5am leave time the next day.
  I would like to say a big thank you to Tyler and Garrison for making it all possible, and to the entire team for always putting 100% into their work. Thank you guys for an amazing championships!
