---
layout: post
title: "2016 World Championships - Day 3"
date: 2016-04-30 6:00:00 -0800
author: Alex L. and Rory C.
categories: competition-season
---

This is Alex L. and Rory C., and we are on our team’s scouting team. We are responsible for watching matches and recording what teams can do.

Friday brought many challenges. The first of which was getting out of bed. For many of us this is the struggle of every day, but today we knew that if we made that fateful decision to leave the safety of our bed we would be accepting that the decisions we make today will determine the fate of the whole team. Nevertheless, we all made the heart pounding decision to struggle in the hope of victory.

After our morning ordeal we headed to the true trial: the qualifying rounds. Friday is the big day for these rounds. We played a total of 6 today. Over the course of the day it became more and more clear how the alliance selections would play out the following morning. The by lunch we could tell that 195 (The Cyber Knights) would be first and their first pick would be 987 (The High Rollers). By lunch we had played half of our rounds and were 1-2 for the day. Our record had a non-zero win count, but was not ideal.

We had lunch on the same street that we ate on yesterday, but all the restaurants were open to us causing a skisum in the group. But food is food whether you eat it with your friends or not.

After lunch we had three more matches to go till the end of the day. The first one after lunch we came out auto with tied points and we where looking good. However, our hope was quickly diminished. We lost that match because of a small miscommunication within our alliance.

During our last qualifying match, things went great for us. Our autonomous worked great, so did our allies. We managed to damage all of the obstacles, weaken and capture the tower, and in the end attempt a scale. It was so exciting and it felt so great to see all of our hard work do well. The four ranking points we earned moved us up to 27th place, which we fell to 40th by the end of all of the qualifiers. We ended with 4 wins and 6 losses.

We then went to dinner. The team went in two groups and met back up again afterwards. We were high in spirits and enjoyed a nice night of hanging out and having fun.
