---
layout: post
title: "2016 Las Vegas Regional - Day 3"
date: 2016-04-02 6:00:00 -0800
author: Daniel B.
categories: website
---

Hello, my name is Daniel B. I am a part of the scouting team, a tight-knit, if sleep deprived, group. We gather data through watching the various matches and translate it into strategies. The first day of qualifiers is always the most intense for scouts. For most of the day, we were watching matches and recording our thoughts and observations with specially designed documents. We noted down information such as the number of defenses crossed or shots made as well as comments on how robots might be helpful in certain scenarios.

One of the priorities for scouting throughout the regional is selecting defenses. Every alliance must choose the defenses they wish to place against their opponents before their match. This decision becomes increasingly difficult as its effects on visibility, robot traffic, and the opponent's success are considered. The scouting team also has to coordinate with the drive team so that they are aware of the strengths and weaknesses for both opponents and allies. By the end of today's matches, we were in 4th, a strong position and an impressive feat considering our opposition.

For scouting, the day culminated with an evening of tacos, ice cream, and lengthy discussions over the possibilities of tomorrow. To leave it at that, however, is selling short the experience. It was unanimously agreed upon that they were the best tacos we had ever known. The ice cream was of a similar caliber, and the later strategy meeting was peppered with revenge (more specifically, revenge was achieved through the placement of pepper in water). Scouting was able to assemble a "pick list" of the teams/robots we see fitting best with us in an alliance in order to prepare for the alliance selections tomorrow, and with that, we called it a day.

Overall, it was a very successful and exciting day with a great deal more to look forward to tomorrow as well. The whole team has come very far as a result of their skill and determination. This entire year has been an incredible experience unlike any other I've ever known.
