---
layout: post
title: "2016 World Championships - Day 2"
date: 2016-04-29 6:00:00 -0800
author: Ronak R.
categories: competition-season
---

Thursday marked the beginning of qualification matches, a series of competitors that would determine which teams would leave each division to compete in Einstein, the final battle for champion of FRC. The day began with pit crew rising early to finish off wiring and assembling the remainder of the robot. Later came the rest of the team, responsible for driving, strategizing, and communicating with other teams and judges. The robot was prepped for the first of 4 matches that we would participate in the day, where our drive team coordinated effective strategies for winning the matches. While we began with a loss, we were able to repair the robot and correlate an effort alongside out alliance partners to win the next match. Following the victory, our team left for lunch at a nearby Mediterranean place that served delicious pita and rice plates.

Following lunch, it was back to watching matches and solving problems with the robot. We had found out through matches that the grappling hook mechanism, designed to allow our robot to hang from a bar 6 feet off the ground, was not ass accurate or reliable as we had hoped. Additionally, many parts of our robot did not perform as expected, leaving us with very little time to pull together a functional robot. Luckily, we were able to bring something together in time to win our next match. However, our luck ran out for the next match, because when pitted against one of the best teams and allied with robots that did not perform to expectation, we were unable to pull off a victory.

We left the Convention Center 2-2-0 and knowing that the pit crew would have to make some quick repairs the next day as we embarked on the Metrolink towards a Vietnamese-Chinese fusion restaurant. After enjoying our meal and socializing at the tables,we departed towards a quick snack stop, picking up candy, treats, and beverages to sustain us for the following days.

After we arrived back at the hotel, we still had time to spare before we had to sleep. So, we filled in the night with a room for the role playing game Dungeons and Dragons, making rice krispy treats, and watching a movie. Eventually, we all turned in and mentally prepared ourselves for the next day.
