---
layout: post
title: "2016 Las Vegas Regional - Day 2"
date: 2016-04-01 6:00:00 -0800
author: Jannie Y. and Christian C.
categories: competition-season
---

Hey guys, it’s Jannie Y. and Christian C.

We are part of the pit crew, the team that primarily fixes the robot whenever anything goes wrong. Everyone expected a calm, non-exciting day when we first unpacked and set up our pit, ready to have a fresh start on our regional.

Unfortunately, due to a quick and rushed packing (in order to go home early to study for finals), we forgot to bring the bumpers, one of the most crucial parts of the robot that would be able to allow us to pass robot inspection and be able to compete in the matches. As a result, a couple team members went with Garrison to search around for bumper materials (outside of the Strip!) while the pit crew stayed back to fix some minor issues on the robot, like adding modifications to have more efficient claws for the Cheval de Frise and doing a gear reduction on a gearbox.  

It was a slow start throughout the morning and the beginning of the afternoon, slowing getting whatever part of robot inspection that they would allow us to do. By about 4:00 PM, Garrison & Co. were able to locate and buy all the supplies that we would need for the project, leaving the pit crew to assemble the bumpers.  

By around 7:30 the pit crew had managed to make two new bumpers, one red and one blue, and officially pass inspection.  After that the pit crew decided to call it a night and head out in order to meet the rest of the team for dinner.
