---
layout: post
title: "2016 Las Vegas Regional - Day 4"
date: 2016-04-03 6:00:00 -0800
author: Sam R.
categories: website
---

Day Four (Saturday) was an emotional roller coaster! Luckily we all held on to see the whole thing through!

Hi, I'm Sam R. and I am our team's Human Player for this year. This means I am on the Drive Team, the fearsome four responsible for the actual control of the robot during competition matches. The drive team also includes two drivers and a coach. Today's events included a conclusion of qualification matches, alliance selections, and elimination matches, so naturally it was a radically hectic and emotional day. Our team had three qualifiers in the morning, which unfortunately did not go according to plan, between our own and our alliance partners disconnections. This led to an unexpected drop in ranking to 13th place. We got picked for elimination alliances by the 6th seed team, which was a little lower than we had hoped for. Fortunately, thanks to some good driving and an extremely panicked, time crunched, impossible fix by our amazing pit crew, we made it through to the semifinals. However, our luck wore off and we did not survive through them. We were proud of how far we gotten but frustrated with our overall misfortune.

At the end of the competition, award ceremonies were held to commemorate teams' incredible feats. Our team was very honored and extremely excited to receive the Engineering Inspiration Award for our devotion to teaching kids in our Robotics Summer Camp. Now this isn't just your average award. This award gives us an entrance-fee-paid ticket to the FIRST World Championship in St. Louis this April!

Overall, it was an incredibly successful day and trip and an amazing experience for all of us. Our team has come a long way this year and even through this weekend. I am extremely appreciative of the opportunity this competition has given me and our team.
