---
layout: post
title: "2016 Las Vegas Regional - Day 5"
date: 2016-04-04 6:00:00 -0800
author: Josh B.
categories: website
---

Hello, I'm Joshua B., also part of the scouting team.

We've spent the past three days at robotics. I'd like to give you a short summary of our experience. Starting Wednesday after school we set off on our six hour car journey. We stopped for a short while for dinner before arriving at the hotel. Everyone quickly fell into a deep sleep. Following that we finally arrived at the first day of the competition. After sorting through our stuff we discovered that we left our bumpers back in San Diego. We then spent the remainder of the day jerry-rigging together a replacement. We put them to the test the next day and they worked splendidly.

Friday night was the most important time for scouts. We were selecting teams to put on our theoretical alliance. We split off from the main group for a brief dinner of tacos and ice cream. We spent hours putting forth our opinions on which teams were worthwhile. After which we packed up and went to bed. Our matches the following day did not go as well as expected dropping us down to the 13th ranked team. Luckily we were picked by the 6th ranked team and still got to participate in Eliminations.

After achieving victory in the quarter finals disaster struck in the semifinals. Our robotics axels were completely broken. Our amazing pit crew managed to do an axel replacement in six minutes. Sadly we didn't make it through the semifinals and were eliminated.

However we managed to score an award for engineering inspiration. This award not only allowed us to go the world championships but meant NASA would pay for the entrance fee. There were many tears and emotional speeches all around. We finished the day with a dinner at Chilies.

This robotics competition was one of the most hectic and amazing things I've ever done and I look forward to seeing how we do in the championships.
